9:00 a.m. in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and
here in Hong Kong, you're watching the
China Show. I'm Y Ivon Man with David
and Glass.
>> We are counting down to the open of
markets in greater China. Let's get your
top stories today. Stocks across the
Asia-Pacific down and down by a lot. Uh
oil jumping as the Iran uh Iran war
enters a fifth week with rising risks of
escalation. Global equities are set for
their worst month in four years with a
key benchmark nearing a correction.
President Trump claims negotiations with
Tyrron are ongoing even as Iran's
proxies attack US allies and thousands
more American troops head to the region.
>> Also ahead, BYD warns a fresh pain ahead
for China's EV industry after delivering
its third straight quarter of
disappointing earnings.
>> And with earnings season underway, we
speak to two key players in the Chinese
biotech sector. Stay tuned for our
interviews with executives from
Innovative Biologics and Hua Medicine.
Well, Dave, we came out this weekend
with just more news of signs of
deescalation along with some of the
diplomacy that's underway. But it seems
like markets right now are really
focused more on this conflict really
widening now that the Houthies are
really entered into this Iran conflict.
>> Yeah. because literally that is a threat
to the other choke point which has
managed to offset some of the the issues
right now and on logistics and I think
the the simply the uh the oil price are
now reflecting that 115 116 and then you
also have on top of that other
components of the aluminum of the you
know commodity complex aluminum is also
a very good example uh so markets are
selling off and I think for once uh we
we talked about BYD right for once the
earning story won't be an offset to the
challenges on risk assets from the macro
side of things because the earnings is
also quite disappointing when you look
at Chinese markets
>> and I think once we get closer to you
know getting March and April data right
February data so far has been quite
stale given the fact that it hasn't
reflected what this Iran conflict might
have on economies here once we start to
get some of that data points come
through
>> to see what this energy shock has had on
on you know basically the data earnings
as well from CEOs you know that might
start to see where we start to really
focus not just on the inflation shocks,
but really now maybe the growth risks
moving forward to from this whole
conflict,
>> the PMI numbers, right? So, we are
approaching calendar month end and the
first few days of the calendar month of
April. And I think that's really when
you're going to get a lot of these uh
PMIs coming through, which would be the
first indication, right? See, and I
suspect my my suspicion is some of the
estimates out there haven't quite
reflected yet uh some of the pain that
will likely show up in these numbers.
And hopefully I'm wrong when it comes to
that, of course. But when when you look
at markets for example, it it doesn't
really take a lot to stretch uh you know
that that that that that tangent between
where you are as far as the war goes and
really the pain these economies are
feeling at this point uh in time. In
fact, you know, just on the very note,
right, you have oil prices right now 117
right now in Grant. We're back above 100
on West Texas. Uh we talked about uh the
the equity markets on track for the
worst month going back to about mid of
2022. In fact, just a little bit more.
We have two two days left that we could
actually take out that threshold and
would be in that case and hopefully I'm
I'm wrong here. The worst month for
global equities since the pandemic hit
uh back in 2020. Uh just underscores how
unprepared markets were for this. Uh and
I think further on as well, flip the
page please. When you look at currency
markets, intervention risk now with you
know 160 on dollar yen, uh that's a
little bit stronger right now as far as
the Japanese currency is concerned.
following comments early on which we'll
get to in a moment. Equity markets you
have the nicke off 5%. Cosby is up three
down three or four. Taiwan is coming
online and when Hong Kong comes online
do expect it to reflect not just this
but also the BYD effect because that
stock is likely going to take a mass a
massive hit today. Coming up on your
screens A50 futures and of course you
have aluminum and also Shanghai. We're
also focusing on these two specifically
in the Chinese mainland exchange. Yeah,
some of these Middle East plants uh were
hit by the aluminum ones. So certainly
that's one thing to watch here. That's
why you are seeing that spike up in
aluminum prices here this morning. But
let's get to the latest here when it
comes to the the Iran war and and bring
in our politics editor Laura Davidson.
Also here is our Asia oil trading
reporter Ron Neil joining us from
Singapore. Laura, I'll start with you.
The Houthi is entering to this war. How
much complexity does this add now to the
whole conflict?
>> It certainly sort of opens that door to
having other actors enter the frey. Um,
you know, it's just another uh, you
know, uh, card that Iran can play to
have more leverage, to have additional,
uh, locations to fire missiles. Um, but
also for all of those Gulf allies that
were, you know, thinking about last
week, do they get in, do they not? What
is their role in here directly? That
just adds that much more pressure as
there's that, you know, much more risk
for them uh, going forward. So, that
adds a lot of complexity here. Uh, plus
we also uh, you know, are are we heard
uh, the Trump was rather quiet over the
weekend, but we've heard a lot from him
uh, just today. He's uh you know just
spoke with reporters on the the plane
headed said that there was uh you know
that that Iran has given in to many of
the demands uh that the US has put out
in their 15-point plan. Really unclear
what he means there. Um he didn't
specify what that was all about. Uh but
just uh you know uh a couple hours
before he gave an interview interview to
the Financial Times where he said uh
that he wanted to take um Iranian oil.
So again, we continue to hear mixed
messages from the president about
whether a peace deal is imminent or uh
you know could there potentially be some
large scale ground operation, you know,
in which he said that US troops would be
on Card Island for a long time.
>> Where are we on just to build on that
the diplomacy front whether that's
between the US and Iran and whether the
Iranians have responded to some of the
claims from the US president and also
separately uh these talks that Pakistan
wants to broker between all parties
involved here.
>> Yeah. So there were talks over the
weekend not between the US and and Iran
but with intermediaries in Pakistan. So
you had Pakistani officials um as well
as Egypt and Turkey who were also there.
They have kind of played that main um
role there trying to uh to sort of
bridge the gap. Um you know it still is
not clear that there are any direct
talks happening between Iran and and uh
and the US. Although Trump just you know
as a couple minutes ago said that there
were both direct and indirect talks.
Iranians have continued to deny that. Um
and and as we've seen sort of you know
all the these different signs you know
Trump continues to push a peace deal at
least publicly but um privately there
are lots of conversations about a ramp
up of US military efforts
>> and you know just on the commodity front
aluminum has now been pulled into this.
Some of the assets in the Middle East
have been hit. What do we know about
that?
>> Um so you know this is sort of a yet
another um you know kind of commodity
that's that's going to be you know up I
think almost 5% uh is what we saw most
recently. Um this is just adds to sort
of what has been a really really bad
case scenario for the economic outlook.
I'll note, you know, the White House
kind of gave, we're now in the fifth
week of this war. They said in four to
six weeks is when Americans will start
feeling the economic impact of that war.
We're now in that time period. We're
seeing, you know, as as a tax ramp up
that um you know, things are headed in
the wrong direction from an economic
stability perspective.
>> Yeah, it's a good point, Laura, because
you know, when it comes to oil, that
certainly is the big key focus here
right now is now that the Houthis are
joining on the Frey, how does the oil
sort of story evolve, right? And is this
the sort of oil shock that we've been
seeing from the straight of Hormuz about
to head west? That's a key question here
because what we have seen here of course
is the straight of Hormuz the effective
closure of that. What the Saudis and
some of these Gulf nations have done is
really redirecting a lot of those flows
through this east west pipeline right
here. And what they do is kind of go
through what we call this kind of gate
of tears or the L montab uh bed matab
straight I should say. So if the Houthis
actually talk about or even look at
targeting this key area, this is where
you start to see right those exports
from Saudis uh via that Yamu port uh
into the Red Sea. I mean that has
reached what up to 7 million barrels a
day. Could this now be the next oil
choke point if in fact these sort of
Yemen based Houthies are now joining in
on this fight here. Just to stress
though, there has been no reports of
them attacking this area just of yet,
Dave. But certainly there is some
concern that you know even the
alternative routes could lead to more
alternative routes right will oil
vessels will tankers have to be
redirected away from this area now away
to the Cape of Good Hope through Africa
before getting through to their
destinations.
>> Yeah. And I think it's I think that some
of the estimates out there and I think
that's good that we point that out
because there have been still no threats
on large vessels but of course markets
are an anticipatory
uh group and we're looking at worst case
scenarios and I think our folks in BI
have mapped this out. $15 to $20 I
believe is uh what they're panning out
there in as far as possibly the
additional premium to oil prices are
concerned. Uh let's bring in Wrongway
who's with us right now to talk us
through what's at stake here. And you
know, we talked about the potential
second choke point that could be in play
here. Um, how are energy markets
supposed to be looking at this
additional this this increased risk
right now? Wrongway.
>> Right, David? So, we've seen the market
sort of take this news uh into
consideration as we have seen oil prices
open higher today. It's a mark of
escalation with the Houthis so-called
throwing their hat into the ring. And of
course a lot of concerns over this
because uh when the street of Hamuz was
blocked off due to the ongoing Middle
East conflict, Saudi Arabia was one or
if not the only u middle east oil
producer that has a bit of a safety
valve and in this case it was the east
west pipeline that Ivonne uh you have
talked about. Um so a lot of these crude
oil has been diverted via this pipeline
and loaded at the port of Yamu. So uh
which is why um even though we have seen
major disruptions across uh crude
loadings from the Middle East, that was
still one of the only safety lifelines.
And uh David, like you mentioned
earlier, uh this pipeline is in full
capacity. But do note that it's 7
million barrels a day of capacity. It's
probably about half of what Saudi Arabia
was exporting before. And now with the
Houthis um in this situation there's of
course increased risk that uh any sort
of attacks on ships and uh similar to
what we have seen back in 2023 when the
Gaza war broke out and Houthis began
attacking uh Israeli linked ships that
has caused a lot of panic and concern
and has forced a lot of ships to divert
away from the Swiss and Red Sea and
choosing to take the longer route around
the Cape of Ghook uh instead. And of
course the Yamu port lies within that
region. So if such attacks happen, we
are effectively closing off our last I
would say our last um only open outlet
for Middle Eastern oil to flow out.
>> Yeah, you say, you know, a really good
point here, right? This is probably the
plan B of is now even now becoming a
threat. So So what does that mean for
oil prices moving forward? We already
saw that spike up this morning. You know
what are we talking about? a new trading
range now for oil prices moving forward.
>> So, even before this news broke out, a
lot of um banks and analysts were
considering scenarios where oil prices
could go out to as high as $200 a
barrel. And I believe with this
weekend's uh escalations, that scenario
is looking a lot more firmer than
before. Now, of course, uh when we talk
about this disruption here, potential
disruption here at the Red Sea, we do
have to bear in mind that the Houthis
have not directly um declared that they
will be doing so, attacking ships at the
Red Sea. A lot of things are still
anticipatory by the market. It's just
that that element there is a real risk
factor that the market has to consider.
And if we uh look at the ships around in
the Red Sea, a lot of balast tankers are
waiting off Yamu waiting to load up
crude oil. So if any sort of escalations
happen there, all these tankers would
essentially be stuck as well. It is
similar to the situation we are seeing
at the street of Hormuz. Uh so all these
putting all these in mind, uh markets
are expecting higher prices. But it also
depends on how things pan out. Like uh
like Lauren has mentioned earlier when
Trump was speaking with reporters uh on
board the Air Force One. Uh there were
some hints that potentially we could see
uh some sort of more conclusive concrete
uh peace deal being done. And of course
traders are keeping their eyes wide open
for this but as of now we don't have any
clear indication of that happening
anytime soon.
You know, our one of our regular guests,
Mukesh Sadv out of Exan Analyst had a
quote on this. This would be akin to
denying a patient bypass surgery when
they're having a heart attack that would
address the the heart attack. Uh Laura,
just some final thoughts. What do we
need to be watching on for next today?
>> Um two key metrics to watch. One, uh
about 35,000 uh sorry, 3,500 US troops
arrived in the region over the weekend.
There's still a couple thousand more in
route. Once those all get there, what
what are what are the positioning of
ships? What does that look like? Is
there a ground invasion imminent? There
were several reports over the weekend.
That's coming. Second, does the US send
any top diplomats? Does Marco Rubio, JD
Vance, does anyone go to the region to
have uh conversations with these
intermediaries that would suggest that
peace talks are um on a a more have more
momentum versus the troops, which
suggests that uh that uh that a military
option is more in the offing.
>> Laura, thank you. Laura Davidson there,
our politics editor. Also, Ron Neil, our
Asia oil trade reporter joining us out
of Singapore. Uh coming up, our
exclusive conversation with Innovate
Biologics after the company posted its
first annual profit, plus their output
when it comes to obesity drugs as well.
We're counting down the open of trade in
Shanghai, Shenzhen, and Hong Kong. Uh we
are going to be bracing for what could
be a brutal selloff here today across
the region. Futures are down more than
1%. This is the China show.
your agenda for greater China today.
We're watching some key technicals when
it comes to Shanghai. The CSI 300 is on
the cuffs of really kind of around or
breaking below that 200 day moving
average. Um and certainly BYD is the one
to watch. Does is this the one that's
going to really take markets lower here
given that we saw the profit plunges
that we saw 38% in the fourth quarter.
ADRs were down some 9%. And so we'll see
how that performs in Hong Kong today and
whether it does drag some of the other
EV makers with it. Chinese banks also
came up with earnings over the weekend
on Friday as well. Xiaomi is also in
focus here. But the sector to watch of
course is energy aluminum just given
that we had seen some Middle East plants
that were targeted over the weekend as
well. Also we have the city Hong Kong
macro conference to tell you about. So
some guests coming through here
throughout the morning.
>> Yeah. Um Jim McCormick who's head of
macro will be joining us in the next
hour to talk us through this. In fact,
when you look at the earnings story, and
I think one of the things we'll be
asking him is whether we need to be
looking out for uh a a round of earnings
downgrades at some point in the next few
months and quarters because of what's
taking place. In other case, uh we're
looking at a lot of Chinese companies
are set to report today. Stay tuned for
that. Everything from Country Garden all
the way through to some of the big banks
like a bank and China Eastern Airlines
really on the back of that. um the macro
picture on travel fuel prices really
comes together the intersection when it
comes to the airline space futures are
now 1 and a.5% so we are set to join
this risk risk route um I think
substantially I think we're about half
of 1% now uh away from entering a
technical correction on the MCI all
country index the global benchmark is
now down 9.4% 4% from that recent peak.
Paul Dobson, our executive editor for
Asia Markets, is with us right now out
of Singapore. Among the many fronts we
talked about here. Why don't we start
with stocks here, Paul? Quite some pain
being priced in today.
>> Yeah. Uh it's it's you know, kind of
that weekend risk thing again, David,
where uh everybody on Friday is scared.
Maybe there'll be some good news of the
weekend, maybe they'll see some bad news
of the weekend. What do we do? you wait
over the weekend and see and then the
market reacts very sharply one way or
the other on a Monday morning. So we're
down quite a long way particularly Nikay
and Cosby already. Um remember last
Monday it was quite a similar situation
for us. It was negative all the way
through our day. We went home 700 p.m.
out came the news uh more optimistic on
on the idea that there might be some
peace talks and the market rallied. This
time we already heard from Trump uh the
the talks are progressing well but the
market really hasn't taken that much
comfort for it. So I think that it shows
you the longer this goes on, the more uh
immune to the chances of a good news or
turnaround the market is or the more
convincing it will need uh that this is
real in order to react with such a sharp
move up and the more that the economic
pain is getting priced into the equities
and the global uh market complex as a
result.
Yeah, Paul, you mentioned I mean stocks
are certainly taking a a hitting here
today, but when I take a look at
inflation expectations, those seem to be
rising, but then again, you know,
treasuries have been rallying. Gold is
actually being supported now despite
what we're seeing with the dollar moves.
Do you think that positioning is some
way is now changing where it's not just
about the inflation shock, but really
have to start thinking about the
economic scarring and growth risk moving
forward?
>> Yeah, Ivon, certainly more and more
people seem to be talking about that.
the idea that um government bond yields
have risen too far too fast uh relative
to what central banks are actually
likely to do. I think that that makes a
lot of sense because central banks for
one thing are very slowm moving um and
two they have to have a mind on the
economy um and growth as well as the
inflation outlook even with a pure
inflation mandate. You know if they were
to hike aggressively into a big economic
slowdown then that could perpetuate
things even more. So uh what we're
seeing is the likes of Pimco JP Morgan
saying just a second maybe the market
has gone too far here. maybe you want to
lean against um some of that pricing in
short-term interest rates and perhaps
even have a look at the back end of the
yield curve as well where there's more
value having seen such a hefty sell off.
So I think that maybe bond markets are
starting to find a little bit of that
equilibrium or to even tipping over
again. It's key to listen to the central
bank speakers and a lot of them are
sitting on the fence so far worried
about inflation. Yes, of course. But uh
the longer this drags on and the more we
actually see that impact hitting the the
real physical world, our day-to-day
lives, the more people are going to be
talking about a slowdown in the economy
rather than just the shock of inflation.
>> Uh Paul, I just want to note this for
our viewers right now. BYD in pre uh
early goings here down about 5%. That's
one stock along this entire cohort of AP
pack stocks we'll be tracking of course
auto stocks specifically given the
earnings that that is of course the bell
weather Paul just a quick quick note on
aluminum seems to be uh pulled in quite
substantially now given the I think some
of the destruction in some of the assets
in the Middle East. What do we know
about that?
Yeah. So I think well what we saw over
the weekend is the medals are now fair
game uh as part of the sort of targets
um for both sides um and and so the the
fact that there were strikes on aluminum
smelters in the Middle East um has has
you know knocked out some of the
production ratcheted up prices that will
create winners and losers um for those
for those people that are producing
aluminum in other parts of the world and
have access to uh energy supplies for
it. um then you know they're going to be
uh more in demand. But I think that you
know have a look at those metals prices
and that complex and see you know how
this impact is going to spread as the as
the war sort of broadens again into into
new areas. Uh and that's the danger and
again that compounds the inflation risks
and the slowdown risks all in one go.
Paul, thank you. Paul Dobson there, our
Bloomberg executive editor for Asian
markets joining us as we've been
talking. Chico shares already up some 5%
and really following the price of
aluminum here this morning. Those LM
contracts BYD as we talk about is
certainly going to be the key focus
here. Just given what the remarks that
we heard from the chairman as well, Wuan
Fu, he says, you know, it does seem like
there's more pain ahead, right? He says
they've reached a fever pitch
competition wise and undergoing a brutal
knockout stage. Uh perhaps that's why
you're seeing the stock being knocked
out quite a bit here this morning. Let's
take a look when it comes to the
premarket and how that's going to play
out for Hong Kong here today. Uh we're
at 101 when it comes to BYD hanging.
There you go. We're down more than 400
points at the get-go there. 692 for the
currency. This is Bloomberg.
Right. Welcome back. So the Iran war has
engulfed markets pretty much the entire
month. Uh it was that weekend of course
going into March and of course we have
two more days left in the month. Just to
underscore the resiliency relative
resiliency of Chinese markets which
really was perhaps more uh more obvious
in the front end of March than it is
last week and I'll show you the chart in
a moment but yes we are set for the
biggest monthly outperformance uh since
August on the CSI 300. Right. But all
that being said, the CSI 300 at 4,500 is
now actually testing this 200 day moving
average. It hasn't actually done that
since liberation day 11 months ago. Uh,
and we had this massive gap lower last
week. The next chart's about to show you
that. And just something to watch, I
guess, as we move into this thick of the
session today where you have this
earning story and the BYD issue that
might also compound some of the downward
pressure on the major benchmarks. The
offset of course are you big aluminum
plays of course and also energy given of
course that is a very heavily weighted
sector there but anyway want to watch
here and we are currently just above
that by several points that key level
specifically Ivon
>> yeah interesting to note right they they
may be immune but maybe not so much more
if this continues to drag on you talk
about economists already pricing out the
possibility of of rate cuts from China
just given you know what we've been
seeing with the disruptions when it
comes to energy uh and even when it
comes to of course inflation coming back
in China given the the price that we've
seen when it comes to oil. Hangen of
course is looking pretty brutal here
this morning. Look at HS Tech. We're
down close to 3%. Of course, we'll track
all things EVs. BYD, there you go. Down
continuing uh down by 4.6%. We got the
open coming up next. This is Bloomberg.
Right, we're looking at a sell off
across risk assets going into the Monday
open. We're also coming off as you're
here in Hong Kong coming off art week
and I'll just borrow that of course
surreal
uh like abstract really in some ways as
markets try and paint a picture of the
future which is increasingly bleak by
the day. Fifth week now of the Iran war
and equities are taking it on the chin
massively going into this this this
Monday open. Ivan. Yeah, you got the,
you know, escalation with, of course,
the Yemen based Houthis that are joining
in on this Iran conflict now and
attacking Israel over the weekend and
you square that with diplomacy and the
meetings have been happening underway.
It seems like markets are really focused
more on the former than the latter here
right now on what this escalation means,
right? When you have more regional
players uh adding into the frey, does
this become a more widening conflict
that you know even the US cannot
control? That certainly is one sort of
narrative that's playing out and and
equities are now starting to really take
it in the chin here. If you take a look
at how onore equities are doing, you
have Brent at around 116. So the energy
spikes certainly is one thing to watch.
Aluminum also spikes some 5% uh this
morning too when and things opened up.
So uh that's why you you are seeing uh
stocks now down about 910 of 1% the CSI
300 as Dave mentioned that 200 day
moving average uh we are at risk of
breaking below that here right now. So
even with China being relatively
speaking insulated, they have cheap
imports. That's always been sort of the
safe haven. Maybe China might actually
be dragged down from this as well as
this conflict enters into a fifth week.
We're seeing copper prices also being
knocked out here this morning. But
Shanghai crude following the price of
brand and WTI here this morning. We're
up some more than 5%. Large caps are
mostly uh lower here this morning. It's
pretty indiscriminate here right now.
You are seeing the likes of Capricorn
Tech Mao Group down some 2%. CL uh
slightly lower here this morning as
well. But let's hit the boards and see
how Hong Kong is doing because you also
have the earnings aspect to all this
particularly when it comes to the BYYD
story. So there you go. HS Tech is down
some 2% here this morning. We're back
below that 25,000 level for the hang.
And we're talking about a remn that's
actually weaker, right? Given the dollar
is much right now still that safe haven
amidst all this volatility. But it's
interesting to see how positioning has
changed. Brent is up. Swaps of US
oneyear two-year swaps are also up. But
treasuries are catching a bid here this
morning. Gold is also catching a bid
here this morning. So is the reaction
function among investors changing in
some ways because now it's not just
about inflation shocks but I have to
look at longer term the longtail risk of
maybe economic scarring and what this
means for the growth pictures and can
central banks in Asia actually afford to
raise interest rates. Does that actually
bring oil flows back? No. Right. So
yeah, the demand destruction story could
be one reason why we are seeing these
concerns among risk assets here today.
But take a look at the tech space. It is
seeing a pretty brutal selloff here. BU
is down some 4 and a half% here. Alibaba
is down some three. 10 is down some two
this morning. Uh but really has been on
the BYD. But before we get to that,
let's get to the aluminum stocks because
not just the oil story, but aluminum
also spiked, right? So that's why you
are seeing the likes of Choco up some 5%
here. Tan aluminum also up some 10%
after there have been some reports of
some of these Middle East plants that
also were attacked over the weekend. So
it's not just a energy story but we got
to take a look at the metals too. That's
also an added complexity to this whole
Iran situation. And then we got to focus
on fundamentals of BYD right uh pretty
brutal when it comes to the fourth
quarter. We did see that plunge of
profits of 38% here and continuing
disappointment when it comes to the
earning side for BYD and for the
chairman to come out with a statement to
shareholders and saying look this
competition is still at the fever pitch
here and we're still at kind of knockout
sort of brutal knockout uh yeah we're
seeing when it comes to at least uh the
EV side of things is continued sell off
here at least BYD we've come off some of
the initial sort of selling here but
we're still down about 1% here but yes
Xpunk NEO are seeing losses of more than
3% Dave.
>> Yeah. Has reached fever pitch and is
undergoing a brutal knockout stage was
the was the exact comment there from uh
in the letter to shareholders on Friday
from from the chairman. can't one can't
help but think about this in the context
of I think some of the other platforms
where you know before we got into this
competitive spiral uh I'll use mayan as
an example right folks were talking
about how whether you look ahead to
what's been happening in the car market
and whether or not they were headed in
the direction of the of the platform
companies I think that statement just
underscores maybe that they are on the
fringe of that potential reality uh that
okay well one other uh sector on the
earnings front that has also seen
substantial growth but also could see
some competition. Let's borrow that word
fever, right? Let's talk about
pharmaceuticals here. So, Innov
Biologics reported net income full year
late last week. Uh that actually missed
the average estimate though analysts are
upbeat on the global sales potential.
You look at the pipeline coming from the
company uh its oral weight loss drug.
It's quite a substantial um pipeline and
and and and product line across many
other verticals. Joining us now
exclusively from Shanghai is the CFO of
the company, Rachel Yo, to talk us
through the earnings and the outlook
ahead. Rachel, good morning from Hong
Kong. Thank you for taking the time uh
first year profit. Um talk to us about
the momentum you're seeing and whether
or not you see that translating to 2026.
Rachel,
>> thank you David. Definitely, you know,
we are truly proud of what we have
achieved in 2025.
It's probably the most successful year
in invent history. Like you just
mentioned, it's the first time in our
history to achieve fullyear
profitability under FRS. So our net
profit and FRS reached R&B 814 million
and the NFS net profit reached R&B 1 7
billion a manifold growth compared to
2024 also we deliver very strong topline
growth our total revenue reached the 13
billion and the product revenue reached
R&B 11.9 billion and one thing I would
like to highlight here innovate only
took seven years from the first product
launch to R&B more than 10 billion scale
we are probably one of the very few
companies in China who can deliver such
strong topline growth at this scale
which positioned us a very unique
industry leader in China.
We also made quite a lot of milestone
development in terms of the global
innovation partnership. Uh looking at
our global innovation actually we are
actually moving three late stage high
potential assets into the next stage
global development. Our three leading
assets including IBIS 363, IBI 343 and
IBIS 324. They are either in global
phase three study or ready for global
phase three study. More importantly, the
combined market opportunity for the
three leading assets are more than US
dollar 60 billion according to our
partners estimation. So it actually
means you know any further progress in
the clinical development of these assets
in any particular indication is going to
substantially
uh unlock the abset value of the
company. Last year you know you may also
notice that we enter into a few
remarkable partnership with Lily Takida
and Ro. So definitely innovation
network with different collaboration
model co
with like 30 global healthcare companies
Rachel can you talk a bit about that
because it reached over 22 billion US
dollars uh in terms of what you're
looking at for deal volumes in 2026 are
you likely going to surpass that number
you think?
>> Sure. Uh definitely you as you just
mentioned the total deal value invent
achieved the last year was more than 20
billion US dollar account for more than
10% of the total deal value in China and
actually we are seeing very strong deal
flow currently in China. So if you look
at the deal value in the first three
months this year is more than US
dollar60 bed you know account almost
half of the total deal value last year.
So basically I think you know China is
becoming the new source of innovation
for the mat national players. We also
anticipate the China belt tech sector is
going to playing a increasingly
important role in the global ecosystem.
Rachel, let's zero in on obesity, which
you guys were the pioneer of course
domestically and I want can you give us
your outlook for your specific uh
product in the market this year and
against the backdrop of as you would
know competition that's coming in
perhaps lower prices and are you
prepared to lower prices if you do want
to go that route?
>> Yeah, thank you. Definitely obesity is a
very hot topic recently and actually all
the jail puban players in China you know
they officially launched their obesity
education since last year. So you know
but I think one thing I would like to
highlight here uh we believe you know
China market if you look at the
penetration of JP1 class in obesity
treatment is extremely underpenetrated
compared to US and Europe market. The
current penetration in China is still
less than 1% as compared to 10% in the
US and 5% in UK. So definitely you know
there are going to be dozens of players
in this sector. But we still believe you
know given the huge market potential
there. We are still very positive about
outlook of the JLP1 class in China.
>> Yeah. Can you tell us a bit more? I mean
the market seems to be changing when it
comes to weight loss drugs, right? when
you have that patent for Ompic
now recently expired, you know, does
that pave the way for more kind of these
lowcost generics to come into the
market, does that force you at an event
to really kind of lower your prices and
for your weight loss drug?
So, so definitely I think the market is
very dynamic uh you know this year and
also like you mentioned for the other
JLP1 brands they lower their price get
onto the NRDL but I think if you look at
you know how JLP1 is going to being ramp
up very quickly in the US market even
though the price went down year over
year but you can see the substantial
improvement in terms of the penetration
and the DOT and we believe you know If
you know China obesity market could
benchmark the current penetration rate
in the US you know they're definitely
more than 10 times of the growth
potential and I think you know average
LP1 player here in China they are trying
to find the right pricing point to drive
the improvement in terms of the
penetration. So we think you know
obesity market is definitely different
from the oncology market with a huge
potential. So we believe you know going
forward even though you know there will
be quite intense competition but the
overall market size is definitely there.
>> Okay. And could you give us a sense if
if you are correct and the market is
able to sustain its current momentum?
How big of a portion of your revenues do
you see obesity relative to your other
PIP oncology of course is a very big
growth driver. you Mark just want to
understand Rachel um h how big of a
driver uh obesity is for you guys.
>> Yeah definitely you know if you look at
our strong growth last year uh our
oncology pip uh portfolio is still
sustain growth momentum but you can see
uh CVM portfolio has emerged as another
key growth driver to our overall
business. Definitely Matt Dut Thai you
know contribute quite a lot since its
launch uh in July last year but in
addition to Matt Dutai we also see you
know high potential products emerging
from the CVM pipeline including our PCS
K9 and also our IGF-1R for the treatment
of aarial eye disease. So going forward,
you know, we reiterate our target of
reaching 20 billion R&B product revenue
by 2027. And with just one year away
from that target, I think we see more
visibility and certainty. So obviously
definitely still going to be a quite
important contributor to the overall
revenue, but we're also very confident
with other high potential portfolio
assets within the company.
A and you do have ambitions also too to
become a global competitive biioarma by
2030.
>> What is the scale of your non-Chinese
operations now? And how much is the
company willing to invest for your
overseas expansion?
>> Yeah. Uh if you look at our existing,
you know, product needs, I think the
major contributor still come from our
domestic business. But as you just
mentioned, you know, definitely we're
aiming to become a truly global premier
baceutical company with five assets
moving into global phase three by 2030.
So uh if like I just mentioned, you
know, if you look at our pipeline this
year, we already have three leading
assets either in global phase three
already for global phase three. We also
have a very innovative pipeline. we are
moving those molecules into you know uh
IND stage or PC study stage. So
basically we are very confident with the
five assets in global phase three target
by 2030 and also uh you know if you're
thinking about the revenue growth
momentum uh our current revenue growth
is mainly driven by the domestic
pipeline but starting from 2029 or 2030
I think the global revenue is likely to
kick in. So we are not only positive
about revenue growth from uh 2026 to
2027 but we are also very positive about
overall revenue momentum from 2030 to
2035.
>> Rachel we got to leave it there but
thank you so much Rachel Yo there CFO of
Innov Biologics joining us out of
Shanghai this morning and there's more
on China farmer earnings coming up.
discuss Hua Medicine's report and their
expansion plans with the chief strategy
officer George Lynn after sales of a
pioneering diabetes drug nearly doubled
last year. This is Bloomberg
Circling back to BYD now which is
hosting its earnings call right now and
really we've s actually seen the stock
turn positive uh despite what we saw in
the ADRs overnight and really what the
pre-market was suggesting that could
have been a pretty brutal selloff.
things are coming back. But now this
statement from the chairman Wong Chen Fu
was quite telling, right? Warning of
more pain ahead for China's EV sector
and really kind of with all that all
that boxing sort of
>> analogy there
>> analogy a brutal knockout stage when it
comes to the competition. Let's bring in
our China automotive reporter Linda Lou.
She joins us from Beijing here this
morning. Uh yeah, I mean it's
interesting the stock and what it's
doing now, but what are we hearing so
far in this earnings call?
We are still waiting for some details
from the earnings call, but what
investors are really watching for is a
guidance for BYD's total sales goal
coming into 2026. Uh we're going to see
if um growth is going to slow from the
uh explosive surges that BYD has seen in
the previous uh probably two to three
years. And the other thing we're really
uh watching for is how confident you
know the CEO Wong Chung Fu is with BYD's
new technology such as this megawatt
fash charging is going to revive some of
the consumer interest in BYD's products.
>> Linda, what's the sense we're getting?
That statement was interesting that we
we we led with there, you know, the
knockout stage, right, which typically
is the most brutal part, but it also
means there is uh you do see the light
at the end of the tunnel. It means
you're towards the latter part of
whatever competition you're in. Are
analysts going to be zeroed in on
whether or not there is a timeline for
BYD and whether they whe you know when
they think this competition will likely
ease up.
>> It's a actually hard question to answer.
uh everyone from the EV makers to
regulators are probably all trying to
figure out how this consolidation stage
is going to shake out. So right now
probably the rema remaining players in
China's EV industry are still have a bit
of a way to go. Uh you're seeing some of
the smaller EV brands like Neo and
Xpong, they still delivering quite
healthy sales. So the knockout stage is
still ongoing but we're already seeing
signs of existing brands exiting the
China market. So Volkswagen SCOD brand
just announced last week that they're
going to stop sales in China while still
providing services to customers. So some
of that you know uh players exiting the
market can be seen in legacy brands. So
main gasoline vehicles uh these type of
uh companies exiting the China market.
M
>> Linda, thank you uh for breaking that
down for us. The earnings call, of
course, I believe, is underway. Shares
have shaken off the early weakness.
We're now slightly to the up uh slightly
higher, 4/10en of 1% here in uh in Hong
Kong, right? Um that's really uh one of
the few areas of green we're seeing
across these markets because the
backdrop is this. We'll see you in a
bit. This is Bloomberg.
Some more earnings to tell you about
this morning. ProChina's earnings fell
last year as softer crude oil prices and
sluggish fuel demand weighed on profits.
The country's latest and largest, I
should say, oil and gas producer
reported net income for 2025 of 22.8
billion. That's compared with a 23.8 8
billion a year earlier. It also
forecasts higher capital expenditure
this year. China's largest banks have so
far reported flat earnings for 2025 as
they contend with government mandates to
support a cooling economy and a
prolonged squeeze on profit margins.
ICBC, the world's largest lender by
assets, says net income rose 0.7% last
year to 53.3 billion. profit ads. China
construction bank meanwhile gained 1%
with Bank of Communication posting a 2%
increase. A bank and Bank of China
report later on today. And PopMart is
looking to expand how it uses its
intellectual property beyond toys. The
company CEO told state media that his IP
can extend into theme parks, video
content, and desserts. The maker of
Laboo Dolls is facing questions over how
long the hit characters can keep driving
growth. Xiaomi CEO says the company
delivered more than 4,000 units of its
new generation SU7 electric sedan in the
first week first week of sales. The
model was officially launched on March
19th. Le Jun had already set a goal of
delivering 550,000
cars in 2026 up 34% from last year.
>> Okay. Uh just on the earning story and
Mu of course is both an earning story
and it's also a crypto uh exposed name
and with crypto doing what it's doing um
understandable why the stock is under
pressure as well just adding to the list
of stocks that are seeing some downside
for really a varied amount of reasons
specifically for me to it's those two uh
they're missing estimates on the bottom
line right uh a bright spot in these
Chinese markets and also across the
region aluminum some of the producers uh
and exposed to that metal of course
following now it's aluminum has been
dragged in uh to this with hits and some
key production assets in the Middle East
over the weekend and you are getting
some commentary coming through that it
has now of course become something uh to
consider Chalco is up 7% and that takes
you down the list of course uh into
similar amounts there were up 4% on the
London contract Shanghai contract is
also up quite a bit as we speak um the
yen story is interesting something to
keep an eye on 160 of course on Friday
we pulled back from that level and we
are getting I think maybe perhaps the
first sign here u of uh that
intervention might be something to at
least think about uh verbal intervention
here coming from the Japanese and
pulling dollar yen back
>> yeah bold action may be needed so
certainly we'll see if anything follows
with the verbal sort of side of things
but then again you take a look at when
it comes to oil markets and yeah they're
certainly watching very closely where
energy prices go when you're talking
about Brent back to around 115 levels
here right Now WTI is back above 100 uh
and aluminum prices are surging some 4%
and now they're the you know the next
direct target uh when it comes to
aluminum uh in this whole situation then
yeah there are concerns that you know
the the supply disruptions are widening
and and getting bigger in some ways
that's why you have BI say look if if
we're starting to see that this oil
choke hole can move further west right
if you're talking beyond the straight of
Hormuz uh to the gate of tears uh and
this east white US pipeline. You know,
does that mean we have to put another
$15 to $20 price premium on the price of
energy? But Cory was saying $200 oil if
this conflict gets continues and drags
on till June.
>> Yeah, I mean with if oil reaches 200,
the oil price is probably one of the
last things to worry about. Think of the
underlying conditions that would merit
that uh oil at that level. But yes, I
think McCrory's out with that price
target given those conditions by June.
Uh lots more ahead. We have plenty more
away on the way here in the next hour of
the China Show.
Welcome back to the China show. A look
at the HSI half hour into the session
and we are still around the session lows
here. Right now we're seeing downside
about more than one and a half% here.
trade shares are following a similar
measure. Uh still looking relatively
better than the rest of the region here
this morning when you're talking about
losses as much as four to 5% uh in Japan
here this morning. Cosby is lower by
about 3 and a.5%. Uh so certainly it is
you're seeing equities wake up to the
reality that possibly we're seeing an
escalation to this Iran conflict given
that the Houthis have joining into the
fray as well. uh the time that we are
still seeing diplomatic efforts that
have been underway. Markets tend to kind
of focus more on the potential oil
disruptions and the choke holes that
we're seeing here this morning as well.
So certainly we continue to see no let
up in sight here when it comes to risk
assets in this riskoff session here this
morning. Earnings like BYD haven't been
too pretty here. So that's also dragging
a little bit of the EV space as well.
But this is what the rest of Asia is
looking like right the damage report on
this Monday morning as we enter a fifth
week into this conflict. Uh, and we're
talking about, you know, oil prices that
continue to see a pop higher. When Brent
woke up this morning and we were talking
about 115 oil, WTI is back above 100
101. And the likes of McCory is saying,
look, if we continue to see this drag
on, it's up until June. Uh, we could see
oil up to $200 here if the straight
moves remains shut. They're putting 40%
odds on that scenario here, which is not
minuscule, right? US futures and Europe
futures are looking like this could be
also a pretty painful morning uh to wake
up to in Europe as well as on Wall
Street here today. The dollar still
remains quite king here. Still the safe
haven of choice uh in the face of this
although you have been seeing a little
bit more of the Japanese talk about it
after we did see dollar yen briefly hit
that 160 level. We're back slightly just
slightly below that here right now after
we heard from Amoros saying bold action
may be needed if this situation
continues. So just verbal intervention
for now but you are seeing some weakness
across the board when it comes to ENFX.
I think emerging assets have seen a
fourth straight week of declines already
since this war began. Uh Brent crude as
I mentioned there 115 WTI is it nearing
102. Aluminum is this the the next
industry to watch here as a direct
target in this Iran war given the fact
that we have seen some plants that were
targeted in the Middle East overnight or
over the weekend I should say. We're up
4%. So the aluminum players here in Asia
are catching a bid here and gold taking
a bat seat once again Dave.
>> Yeah and I think when you look at Asia
EM you're right I mean it's really the
EM space which is taking the hit. In
fact when you look at AGM right we talk
about this you know the exposure to the
straight of Hormuz that's mostly really
an Asia uh EM issue when it comes to
that pipeline or that route of course
that takes energy right now and the
Houthis are now involved right and I
think that's really what is getting
priced currently. Now, it's worth
pointing out too that the Houthis have
not actually said that they are planning
to target uh some of these tankers that
are going through going to the Red Sea
and out the gate of tears which I'll get
to in a moment. But they are capable of
doing that and markets are anticipating
worst case scenarios. Saudis and white
uh you have the Red Sea here. Uh Persian
Gulf, Oman Gulf, Straight of Hormuz, the
gate of tears is here. This is this
pipeline east to west which has now
reached at about I think it's about full
capacity now of about seven 7 million
which is obviously a big help but if
that then dries up as we were pointing
out earlier on mukeshv who comes on our
show from ex analyst uh likens that akin
to cutting off u denying the patient
bypass when they're having a heart
attack right so just to give you a sense
that's the map just showing another way
you have all these tankers lining up
that have gone through instead of going
here, they've gone through here and been
waiting at the port of Yanbu uh to pick
up uh well to effectively then transport
oil down throughout. Now the issue there
is if they get closed off and they had
to go all the way around the Cape of
Good Hope, which you really had to take
an entire globe and that zoom out to
take us down through the horn of Africa
into the Asia Pacific. So that obviously
adds everything from costs, but yeah,
just to give you a sense, that's where
the oil pipeline ends. This is where you
have all the tankers and we've actually
yet to see actual disruptions when it
comes to the Houthies and that but it's
something that markets are considering
and hence you have an additional premium
being built uh into the price of oil uh
as we speak now that you have another
party involved in what's going on in the
Middle East. Ivon
>> yeah and the Houthi entry is sort of the
next sort of thing to watch right as our
BI analysts have have talked about here
because it really kind of depends about
where are they going to be targeting
here in terms of attacks. There's no
reports of you know that yeah that that
gate of tears being attacked just of yet
but as you mentioned that alternative
route could be the next sort of thing to
watch right so they're talking about uh
this oil risk could expand beyond just
the straight of Hormuz to of course the
Bab al-Mandde strait and we're talking
about 7 million barrels as Dave
mentioned of Saudi exports uh through
that Red Sea and that Yamu port that
could be at risk now and does that mean
you know you got to reroute around
Africa the Cape of Good Hope and so you
maybe 15 to $20 uh is that added premium
that you have to add to the oil price
moving forward here. And speaking of,
you know, just moments ago on board Air
Force One, President Trump says
Washington could soon strike a deal with
Tyrron to end this war. Take a listen.
>> Sir, could you foresee a deal in Iran
this upcoming week?
>> I do see a deal in Iran. Yeah,
>> Mr. President,
>> could be soon.
>> And offered a 15point plan to Iran. Did
they ever come back?
>> Yeah, they came back on the 15point
plan. They gave us most of the points.
>> Let's bring in our next guest. Juan Cole
is a Middle East specialist and
professor of history at the University
of Michigan. Professor, good morning
from the Asia Pacific. Thank you for
joining us. I know it's getting quite
late where you are.
I don't know like h how big of a problem
do you think is this? Is this a It's
clearly a geopolitical issue. Um how big
of an economic issue do you think this
this can be?
Well, economists uh suggest that for
every $10 a barrel uh increase in the
price of petroleum, you're look you're
shaving a a tenth of a point off of
world GDP. Uh so we're already up three
30 or 40 dollar a barrel over the
pre-war price. So that's 4/10en of a
point. The United States was only going
to grow
7% this year. So if it goes up more than
this, you could well tip us over into a
recession.
>> O and you know it's different, right? I
mean it's different from what we hear
from liberation day where the president
can just reverse a tariff rate. Uh you
know in terms of just re reviving oil
flows back in this market and ending
this war seems to be a much more
difficult task. W with the Houthies now
joining in on this conflict. Professor,
I wonder, you know, is this conflict now
widening? What's at risk of that with
the Houthies now joining in?
>> Well, the Houthis have a peace agreement
with the United States, which they say
that they're not at this moment prepared
to violate. Uh they did uh strike out at
Israel, but they say they won't strike
the Americans, and they haven't said
that they would strike shipping in the
uh the Red Sea again as as they did
during the Gaza war. Uh, so I I think
they're keeping their powder dry in case
the United States does send land forces
into Iran or attacks Iran's uh power
plants as President Trump threatened to
do. uh that uh then the Houthies might
swing into action, which would be uh
very bad for the world energy markets
because not only uh would would some
shipping of energy now have to go around
Africa, but about 7 million barrels a
day are uh are being shipped out of uh
uh the Suez Canal now uh or from Yanbu.
Uh this the Houthis can simply hit
Yanbu. They could cut that off.
Professor, do we get to a point where
whether it's, you know, geopolitical
capital or economic pain where the White
House is forced to back off? And you
know, the reason I frame it that way is
you look across a lot of em
commentary across the world. You know,
the common complaint is this is not our
war, but we are paying for it. And I and
and and I wonder whether that's
alongside what some of the costs to
actually mount this military offensive
will force the White House to back down.
And if it does, is it actually then only
their choice or does it need to get
others involved? How deep in a hole are
we is is my question.
>> We're in a very deep hole. I mean, the
French are suggesting that as much as
30% of Gulf refinery capacity has been
damaged. So you could stop the war
tomorrow. You can't get that back. He
suddenly it's going to take months to
prepare it to repair it. The the damage
done to the Rasa
um Lefan uh
liqufied natural gas facility. Yes. In
in uh inqatar.
>> Uh that could take three to five years
to repair and they knocked out 17% of
the capacity. uh that gas would go to to
uh to China to East Asia. Uh so there's
a lot of damage to the economy already
built in. Even if you stop now, you go
on another month like this, uh it's
going to be the biggest energy shock the
world has ever experienced.
>> Let's talk about the diplomacy. I mean,
there's still some undergoing. I mean
Pakistan certainly seems to have led the
fray fray here in terms of uh hosting
these US Iran talks. Uh what do we need
to see for for some sort of deal? I mean
it seems like both sides are quite in
opposite ends of the spectrum here right
now. What would a deal look like in your
eyes?
>> There there's no no raprom there's no
there's enormous distance between the
two sides in in how they envisionage an
end to this war. I think the Iranians
have the the the ace in the hole here.
Uh they can they can sabotage energy
exports out of the uh Persian Gulf
through the straight of Hormuz and they
can sabotage energy exports which are 10
to 15% of the world total uh through the
the Red Sea. Uh so I I think they get to
decide when this ends. uh if if they
feel comfortable that that the the
attacks are over and they're saying they
don't want another situation like last
summer when there was a 12-day war and
then the Israelis and the Americans
prepared for a further attack and now
they've launched it. They don't want to
go through this again next year. Uh so
they want a situation in place where
they're guaranteed against having their
economy destroyed by Israel and the
United States at will.
So, how does this end?
>> I think the Israelis and the United
States have to stop bombing Iran. Uh,
and in the aftermath,
it is very likely that Iran will have a
toll system through the through the
Persian Gulf. Uh, so that they're going
to be making some extra money off of
this for their reconstruction. I don't
see a way in which the United States and
Israel get out of that.
the I mean the strategic objective of
political change is you know doesn't
necessarily follow you know military
bombardment. Military bombardment gets
you a long way. It doesn't get you all
the way. Um is some level of
uh uh
boots on the ground u some version of
that likely to get that that that
solution through or or or is there is
there another? In other words, should
markets be prepared for that scenario?
>> It is very difficult to tell. You you
see some gray in my hair here. I lived
through the Vietnam War and I remember
uh President Johnson uh uh gradually
getting pulled into Vietnam and
gradually not satisfied with bombing uh
the North and uh putting ultimately
500,000 troops into the country and they
still couldn't win on the ground. Uh
Iran is enormous compared to Vietnam and
and has much more challenging and rugged
geography. Uh I I personally don't see a
way in which uh a land invasion of Iran
by the United States doesn't end in
complete disaster. Uh and it would
certainly uh put off any resolution of
the war uh to where uh the energy crisis
will accelerate.
Uh while we got to leave it there, thank
you so long there. University of
Michigan professor of history joining
us. Uh and coming up, we're going to
speak exclusively and talk a little bit
more about earnings away from the
geopolitics and speak to Chinese biotech
company Hua Medicine about their product
pipeline. Plus, we talk strategy with
City from their macro conference in Hong
Kong. Jim McCormack joins us in just a
bit. This is Bloomberg.
All right, we're talking about Hua
Medicine. Now, Chinese biotech company
has reported its full year earnings
results with revenue topping 490 million
remmbb. That's up 93%
from last year. Its main drug Dorsa
glyotin is designed to help repair the
body's glucose sensing function which
plays a key role in diabetes management.
>> Yeah, let's get more. And exclusively
joining us uh is the company Hua
Medicine chief strategy officer from San
Francisco today, George Lynn. Uh George,
good morning from the Asia Pacific.
Thank you so much uh for being patient.
I know you've been waiting, but let's
get straight to this. Um when do you
plan to start marketing in Hong Kong? I
believe you just got approval for that.
Um, David, could you repeat that? I It
was coming in and out. Sorry about that.
>> Oh, yeah. So, I was I was about to say
the your the drug you got approval for
here in Hong Kong. When do you expect to
start marketing and selling that?
>> It could be as early as the summer of
this year. Um, we're getting our
distribution agreement in place. Um it's
exactly the same drug as what is
marketed in China which has been
approved since um late 2022.
>> Can you tell us a little bit more about
this is the first year that you did sell
Doors of Gluten by yourselves instead of
relying on on a partner and and in in
effect it seems like your revenue almost
doubled compared to last year. Do you
expect that same sort of growth for
2026? We're expecting a pretty robust
growth because we had to start um our
Salesforce team from one person as of uh
January 1, 2025. Uh we're now up to
about 180 people, but there's still many
provinces that we have not entered yet.
On top of that, a lot of doctors and
patients are, you know, using the drug
in uh different ways as, you know, type
2 diabetics will like combination. Um,
as you guys know very well, GLP-1 is
very popular and we recently reported uh
through a independent investigator uh
that did a study in China, the
combination actually shows that the
combination is superior to either drugs
uh by itself. And so things like that
will um provide a very nice uh backwind
uh for us to continue driving growth.
George, I'm wondering if you could
provide the markets maybe some rough
guidance, maybe some rough projections
or specific numbers if you have them in
terms of how much you plan of this
specific drug you sell in in in in China
and if you are able to market here in
Hong Kong, how much how much have you
penciled in as far as projections go?
>> Yeah, Hong Kong I would say Hong Kong
still a little bit speculative. We're
just trying to, you know, get that
distribution going. So, I I'll table
that. Uh, but China is going to be
continue to be a huge market. Um, as a
publicly listed company, we we don't
give guidelines, but we've actually done
something um very interesting, which is
taking a page off of Elon Musk, for
example, um for, you know, our incentive
plan. um our our actual team has uh
basically uh agreed with our board that
if we hit 1.3 billion remb in sales for
2027 then our options will vest. If we
don't hit that then actually our options
will invest. So I think that that's not
necessarily a guideline that I'm giving
you but it's actually publicly announced
and that that you can kind of get a
sense of our confidence level of how
much we're going to grow by 2027.
>> Yeah. And and there's so much that's
changing with with these weight loss
drugs, right? When we we were just
talking to a previous guest in the
biotech sector about this this patent
for one of the ingredients that goes
into ampic does expire in China, also in
India, Canada as well.
>> Analysts are all expecting that a lot of
these generics sort of come into this
market pretty soon.
>> Does that change how you kind of look at
this drug and how to commercialize your
own Yeah.
>> sort of drugs here and the strategy
moving forward?
Yeah. So, that's a great question and
the answer is actually quite clinical is
um if you're obese and you're type two
diabetic um you're probably not going to
take our drug, right? Because there's
GLP-1. Our drug actually does not uh
induce weight loss. Um but there's about
580 million type 2 diabetics globally,
130 million in China. And a lot of the
diabetics especially in China are not
obese. So you wouldn't necessarily want
those side effects or to lose any
weight. And so those are the those are
the population that we're taking. Now
having said that generic is going to
increase accessibility and affordability
in China and India. Um it it semiglutide
is the drug you're talking about which
is Novo's drug uh GLP1. that drug has
gone generic in China and India as of
this year and as a result um that's
going to drive prices down across all of
that class uh not just simaglletide but
actually any GLP1 right um the national
reimbursement
>> uh list board uh will be able to have
that leverage that's going to increase
accessibility and affordability and the
beauty of that for us is like I
mentioned earlier uh an independent
investigator actually conducted studies
in China of the combination of our drug
with simaglletide and showed an
improvement from 70 about 75% response
rate monotherapy of simaglletide GLP-1
to almost 100% with our drug ancreased
weight loss and reduction of um glucose
level and also uh a smaller uh waist
circumference. So these are like you
know it it almost super induces imagine
a black coffee and now you get like you
know a cafe latte uh by adding our drug
and the reduced price doesn't at the end
of the day net net right it doesn't
really affect the patient because most
of these drugs are actually reimbursed
when they're generic anyways and then
our drug is reimbursed and so the
reduced price and the combination ends
up kind of being net net the same as
monotherapy before it went generic.
That's a good reminder to short the belt
makers. U that's u so beyond beyond Hong
Kong which I guess you're in the very
early stages of planning as well. Um are
you looking at other markets in the
region for this drug specifically
Southeast Asia uh South Asia what are t
take us through your expansion plans
beyond beyond just this year?
>> Yeah our our first generation drug Dorsa
glyotin um as I mentioned received
approval in Hong Kong and so we're going
to launch that this year. We've
submitted our application to Macau um so
waiting for that to be formally approved
and then we'll probably also increase in
Southeast Asia with our um Dorsa gleotin
which is administered twice a day
orally. It's a chemical drug that we
unlicensed from RO. We do have a second
generation drug where the patent goes
out to the 2040s and instead of twice a
day, it's once a day and we're actually
doing clinical trials in the United
States now testing effectively for a
maximum tolerated dose to increase the
efficacy in uh glucose reduction, but
also increase GLP1 secretion in your
body that's endogenous as opposed to the
exogenous GLP1s that you see currently
on the market that actually has a lot of
associated side effects. Um so in the
future the international expansion to
the western world will be with the
second generation. We're expecting that
data to post uh probably in the middle
of the year and on the back of that data
uh we would go out and talk to
international partners to um embark on
pretty large scale global trials for
that.
>> Yeah. I was going to ask you about this
second generation diabetes drug that you
are currently testing George. uh and
also seeking for maybe some some
potential deals to develop it outside of
China here right now. Any updates you
can give us any sort of future
collaborations?
>> Um Ivonne, I'm sorry you're kind of
breaking in and out. Could you just
repeat that again?
>> Oh yeah, I was going to talk about that
second generation diabetes drug that you
are testing. I believe you're also
looking for some potential deals uh to
develop it outside of China. Can you
give us any update on any future
partnerships?
>> Well, we it's taken us a while actually
to do the phase one and and that's
because we've been receiving a lot of
very welcomed re uh input from Global
Pharmaceutical as to what the the
current phase one that we're running um
should look like and what kind of
biomarkers they're looking for that. So,
as I mentioned, until we get those
results, probably by the middle of 2026,
um there's really no progress that we
can report right now. Um there's a lot
of um big pharmas that are looking okay
>> um at this specific drug because it is a
global only in class um and that's very
different from what you're seeing in the
diabetes and obesity space.
>> George, thank you so much. Let's speak
again soon. Let us know when you're here
in town. George Lynn there, chief
strategy officer at Huaw Medicine. Uh a
quick glance at markets and we'll talk
more about the big stories coming up
next. This is Wberg,
right? Uh we're just approaching the uh
lunch break over in Tokyo and we're also
just approaching the, you know, the
latter part. I mean, we're about to wrap
up March, which really been terrible.
And really, what an end to the month
it's been. More on the markets coming up
next. Plus, some intervention risk in
Japan is propping up. question mark.
The economists uh suggest that for every
$10 a barrel uh increase in the price of
petroleum, you look, you're shaving a a
tenth of a point off of world GDP. Uh,
so we're already up three 30 or 40
dollars a barrel over the pre-war price.
So that's 4/10en of a point. The United
States was only going to grow a.7% this
year. So if it goes up more than this,
you could well tip us over into a
recession. I think what the Fed's
dealing with right now is the triple
whammy of deportations,
tariffs, and now the war. And so that
just adds to the uncertainty the economy
was already facing. You know, it's
amazing. The US economy has been very
resilient, but it's showing real signs
of fragility right now. And so the Fed's
very worried.
Some insights from our guests there and
the impact of this escalating war in
Iran as you see right $116 Brent this
morning as we wake up on this Monday
morning. uh with you know the conflict
still in some ways winding with the
Houthi's entry into the situation
certainly does complicate things a bit
that's why you are seeing uh equities
falling out of bed in Tokyo as we
approach that lunch break now we're down
4 and a.5% for the nick here and 15984
so the yen is strengthening of late
after we heard from officials uh with
some verbal intervention right so bold
action may be needed if this situation
continues you see JGB's kind of
following Treasury yields a bit lower
here this morning as well Dave
>> it it does seem that 160 handle was uh
was an itch that needed to be scratched.
>> Yes.
>> Uh somewhat and that's not a normal
move, right? 200 2 and a half thousand
points to the downside on the NK225.
That's really pulling down the
benchmark. We're now down 12% on the B
Asian benchmark specifically from the
very top. Let's have a look at how we're
doing across the region across sectors
and the snapshot of these markets
including where you are on the US
dollar. And you know we are moving into
the time of the year when most in the
world it should be spring. It should be
sun and rest and relaxation. The SNR has
become stagflation and recession really
uh to replace those two things. And will
the PMIs this week that come out reflect
this initial worry across these markets.
First set of soft numbers are dual. This
will reflect March where we've been
caught of course in in the war for uh
all of March so far. the estimates so
far are holding up and I wonder whether
or not we will see these downgraded
somewhat as we go into the thick of
things. But yes, lots to consider on the
macro.
>> Yeah, it's not just the the March April
data that's underway. It's also the
earnings that we might be hear and what
we're hearing from CEOs about what
they're saying about the impact this
Iran war might have. Right. And it's
perfect timing to really hold a
conference. The city Hong Kong macro
conference is underway with leading
economists, policy makers, and
strategists discussing global
developments. Joining us now from the
event is Jim McCormack, city's head of
macro strategy. Jim, it's great to have
you in town. Just tell us what it's like
there uh at the conference. I'm sure
Iran has has dominated a lot of the the
discussions here. What are the panels?
What are people talking about?
Yeah, I mean it's it's it's early days
uh in terms of the the conference, but I
mean the the first session which I
hosted uh was all about Fed policy and
um how the Iran conflict impacts it. And
I I think the the clear message here is
it's going to be a very difficult time
for central banks because we're we're
talking about a genuine stagflationary
event which is going to be um very
likely to be much weaker growth but also
uh potentially much higher inflation
>> reaction function across central banks.
Is it we're we're now about four weeks
into this five weeks now if you consider
Monday. Uh do we have a better sense of
how they will likely react on the
monetary policy front Jim?
Yeah, I I I think last week was a pretty
important one because the if you look at
the interest rate markets, the initial
instinct was to think that this was
going to be uh a significant uh new
round of tightening uh more outside the
US than inside the US. But but last
week, you did start to get uh a little
bit of push back. So ECB is telling you
um they have time to to wait and see. uh
Bank of England said the same thing. So,
so we we finally started to see a little
bit of the pressure come off of the
front end uh of rates curves. So, so
central banks are telling you um they
just need to to to wait and see.
>> Um how do you see it in this part of the
world? I mean, it seems like Asia is
taking it the hardest in some way given
that, you know, much of this region are
energy importers. Do you think, you
know, can they afford to to hike rates
here to to fight off inflation at a time
when there is concerns of of demand
destruction?
Yeah, I I I mean Asia I I certainly
would not want to be a central banker
and I I I think um what we're seeing so
far is is probably uh the right mix
which is you're not hearing uh
especially hawkish uh talk from central
bank. So Bank of Japan who probably
should have been hiking uh even before
uh doesn't seem to be uh in an urgent
hurry uh to hike rates again. Um and and
what you're getting I I think is more
and more suggestion that that the
support uh is going to come from fiscal
policy. So uh probably less tightening
uh than the market expected early on uh
and a lot more support coming from
fiscal policy which to me uh means that
we should have steeper curves um
globally uh including in Asia.
>> And we've seen the opposite. We've seen
yield curves flat and I think we've gone
from 140 basis points to about 100 on I
think the twos and 30s in the US. Um is
it time to be putting in those steep
inner trades at this point and where do
you what do you think about current
absolute levels and yields? Are they
have they priced in you think what we
know or are they too low?
>> Yeah. So, so listen, I again I I do
think price action last week alongside
some of the central bank push back on
the amount of rate hikes that were
priced are telling you that that this is
a good moment to start thinking about
steeper curves. Um, as far as what's the
right optimal level of yields, I've been
making the case for a long time that
we're not there. Um and if anything,
this new inflation shock uh alongside a
new round of potentially significant
fiscal spending is likely to push
longend bond yields significantly higher
from here in the coming months.
>> Uh we know the dollar has become the the
one that has reign supreme in all this
volatility right now. Jim, I'm just
wondering is there more upside for the
dollar here? It seems like when you take
a look how the euro the remn has been
sort of an anchor of stability in this
part of the world as well. How much
further dollar upside is there?
>> Yeah, I mean listen I I think the the FX
markets have been the most interesting
um in this conflict in that they're
caught in two minds. Um so I think the
the the initial acute story here is that
this is a major terms of trade shock. uh
a terms of trade shock that's a big
negative for Asia um a pretty big
negative for Europe and and the dollar
benefits because the US is uh energy
independent right now it's probably one
of the only energy exporters so so I I I
think that we need to assume that the
longer this conflict goes on the more
likely it is that the dollar could
increase uh even further but I also
think that looking out uh in into the
medium to longer run uh there may be an
argument uh to go back and look at what
the dollar was doing before this
conflict seeing people were starting to
diversify out of the US and I I do
expect that trend to resume but right
now we need to focus on the terms of
trade story and that terms of trade
story I think is a pretty big dollar
positive.
Jim, speaking of looking at what was
happening before the war started, which
is almost a very challenging exercise,
uh, one thing that was noteworthy was we
were having problems globally to bring
inflation down and then you have this to
your point bond yields need to be much
much higher.
is I mean does the next 12 months seem
does that seem is it does it seem like a
good idea to take on more risk uh given
given that backdrop?
No, I mean listen, I I I I I was quite
struck by I don't want to call it
complacency, but but that is kind of
what it was in terms of how the market
was looking at inflation before the
conflict because the truth is if you
look at core inflation across the G10,
uh it had flatlined at 3% for the past
couple of years. So we were making no
further progress toward two. Um before
this conflict started, we already had
some upside inflation risk from
commodity prices. We had some upside
inflation risk from tariffs. And now you
you overlay this and suddenly we're
we're talk we're looking at a world
where um core you know core inflation in
the G10 having flatlined at three could
be significantly higher um in the coming
months. So, so I I I do think this is a
mark the moment for what's been a six to
sevenyear change in inflation. Um, this
is another commodity price shock. Uh,
and I think the risk to bond yields uh
on the back of this are significantly
higher.
>> China certainly has been interesting
given that we we have seen deflation in
this economy for for many months now.
Jim, I'm just wondering there's this
sort of narrative that's that's emerging
that, you know, this whole reflation
story can finally kick in in China
because of the spike in energy prices,
because what we've seen with efforts to
fight off uh involution. Do you finally
see reflation coming back to China this
year?
Well, I you know I I suppose it depends
on how you you define reflation because
reflation is often times viewed um as a
as a positive because it's it's good
growth and um higher uh inflation. Um my
worry is that the mix we're looking at
uh which seems quite obvious now uh is
more stagflation. So I I I don't know if
I' I'd look at it as a positive, but I
do think we're going to be looking at a
world uh over the next 6 to9 months
where growth is going to be marked down
as a result of this conflict. Inflation
is going to be marked up. Um it's not
great for bonds. It's not great for
equities. Uh it's a pretty bad uh mix
for markets in general.
>> Jim, a pleasure to have you on the show.
Uh Jim McCormack, their head of macro
strategy at City. Of course, you're
having your macro conference here in in
Hong Kong. And of course the backdrop
there is also one that is I guess
somewhat um as depressing a note as J
was noting there. Amber rainstorm
warning by the way has been hoisted over
uh was hoisted over Hong Kong past
tense. Right. Uh just ahead Indian banks
pushing back on this move coming from
the central bank to protect the currency
warning of an unwinding of positions
worth $30 billion. More on their scoop
just ahead.
Right. Welcome back. Let's talk about
this tussle uh in the currency market
specifically in India where you have of
course on one hand you have authorities
wanting to limit and address the
weakness in the currency and of course
the means to do that. Uh in India's
case, Bloomberg has learned that Indian
lenders are urging the central bank uh
to rethink some of these rules in as it
pertains to those FX transactions
designed to shore up the value of the
currency. And the rules were actually
announced after the currency fell to a
new low just going into the weekend.
>> Yeah, let's bring in April Hong. She's
been joining us with more on this story.
So, first of all, tell us how
significant this move by the RBI is.
>> Yeah, this is a significant shift. I
mean, I think these are some of the most
forceful measures we've seen from the
RBI to try to show up the currency that
we've seen in more than a decade. And
this is coming as the cost of defending
the Indian rupee has risen by some
accounts. I think it's something like
$30 billion in terms of the draw down to
the foreign exchange reserves that the
RBI has been using in the first three
weeks of March to defend the local
currency. Now, these latest measures
essentially mean that the lenders that
act as authorized dealers will have to
ensure that by the end of each trading
day, their outstanding positions don't
exceed more than hund00 million. And why
this is seen as a significant step is
because, as we know, the RBI now
typically uses the spot or forward
market intervention to help prop up the
rupee in times of distress. But we have
been seeing this move or based on what
some of these analysts have been
highlighting is that this is a move from
direct market intervention to actually
controlling in a way the market
positioning. So you can see the sense of
that shift and how significant this is
though they have also highlighted that
at this point maybe it could help to uh
bring in some near-term stability. does
not help to change the longerterm
fundamentals on the rupee which of
course as you highlighted earlier Dave
has breached the 94 handle uh and it's
Asia's worst performing currency so far
this year
>> yeah they how are the banks reacting to
this has there been push back I imagine
there has been what's the push back been
>> yeah they haven't been reacting very
well sources telling Bloomberg that in
talks on Saturday some of these lend
lenders have been seeking to get the RBI
to rethink these new rules, right? Uh
because for them, they've already built
up these positions and I think the
outstanding positions according to
sources is also exceeding about $30
billion for these lenders. They've been
trying to get the RBI to push back at
least the date on which these changes
will come into effect, which is April
10th, or to make sure that these new
rules actually only apply to new bets.
Now for these lenders, you can imagine
uh when trading begins and we're already
seeing some signs of it in early
positioning that they will have they
likely will have to sell these dollars
in the local currency market that could
push up the Indian rupee and we are
expecting to see those market moves when
trading on the rupee begins in the next
hour.
>> All right, April, thank you. Of course,
we'll watch as India markets open up. Uh
meanwhile, we're talking to the head of
the South Korea's trillion dollar
national pension service, saying that
action may be needed to strengthen the
Juan, which has tumbled against the
dollar since the outbreak of the Iran
war. Kim Seongju told us exclusively
about how the country's largest
retirement fund is assessing the
conflict's impact on returns.
Yes, looking just at January and
February of this year, we were actually
performing better than last year.
However, it is true that we are
currently facing significant challenges
with our returns due to the recent
conflict between the US and Iran.
What kind of challenges are you facing?
And has the Iran conflict led to any
changes in your asset management
approach?
Well, although Korea isn't a direct
party to the war, it's becoming one of
the most affected victims. The reason is
that Korea relies heavily on Middle
Eastern oil and industries like
prochemicals account for a large portion
of our economy. So, it seems we're
suffering the most damage from the US
Iran conflict compared to other
countries. In response to this crisis,
we have been continuously operating our
own crisis response teams. The risk
management committee which I chair is
currently preparing and implementing
various response plans based on
different scenarios.
Does that mean changes in asset
allocation or investment strategy?
We do not believe there is an imminent
need to respond in that manner. I
believe we need to make some minor
adjustments and take certain measures to
minimize the impact on each sector while
maintaining our current basic allocation
strategy and portfolio.
>> What kind of adjustments?
It is a bit difficult for me to go into
detailed specifics regarding the
measures. However, we are scrutinizing
the areas where we have higher exposure
more closely. That said, NPS's current
investment waiting in the Middle East is
relatively low. While we are not
incurring any direct losses, the reality
is that the Korean economy, particularly
the Korean stock market, is suffering
severely from the fallout of this war.
And NPS's returns are consequently being
significantly impacted,
right? Domestic equities performed
strongly last year and seemed to lead
returns which led you to reduce overseas
equities. So are you shifting in a
different direction this year?
>> Actually last year the domestic stock
market performed exceptionally well
compared to other global markets. just
looking at the National Pension Service
alone, our return on domestic stocks
exceeded 80%.
Yes, but since it was difficult to
predict whether this trend would
continue this year, we made a slight
adjustment at the end of January to
maintain that momentum. However, we are
keeping the overall strategy intact. We
plan to monitor the situation for a few
more months and then decide at that time
whether changes to our asset allocation
and portfolio are truly necessary.
Should NPS play a bigger role in
stabilizing the currency?
Yes, actually the National Pension
Services foreign exchange strategy is to
minimize portfolio volatility as much as
possible and protect the fund from
large-scale foreign exchange losses.
Within that framework, the goal is to
generate stable returns.
As the Juan, which has been relatively
stable, has recently shown relative
weakness, the National Pension Services
concerns are deepening. However, given
that Korea's economic fundamentals are
strong and corporate earnings are high,
it makes no sense at all for the one to
be weakened so sharply. The National
Pension Service has been responding to
exchange rate fluctuations in accordance
with its basic principles. Recently, due
to the war, the wan's weakness has
persisted for quite some time. So, there
are internal discussions about the need
for new policies at the National Pension
Service level.
Is 15001 per dollar the new normal?
I do not view it that way. We believe
the appropriate exchange rate is in the
low 1,400 W range.
Another global concern is the issue
around the private credit market. What's
the scale of NPS's investments there?
Fortunately, the NPS has not directly
invested in any funds that have
experienced investment losses or
redemption suspensions related to this
issue. So, there is currently no risk of
fund losses.
However, since crises often start small
and escalate, we are closely monitoring
the structural vulnerabilities in the
private credit market and responding
accordingly.
Yeah, the chairman and the CEO there of
the south of South Korea's National
Pension Service, Kim Song Ju there with
of course Sherry, right? Um a reminder
of our new online feature, the Bloomberg
video hub service can explore live
streams that specific interview back uh
live news interviews. Check it out.
mberg.com/videos.
Right. Uh, welcome back. Some some AI
chip or DeepSeek related names were
focusing on that. Nothing consistent so
far, but I guess the story is still
worth paying attention to in as far as
the company it's investigating this
hours long AI outage that's after some
users of course had brought that to I
guess the attention um but yes nothing
so far and as far as the reaction is
concerned keep in mind of course broadly
speaking we are seeing a declines uh
across most sectors most sectors today
uh except for I think pal palm oil
stocks I think should be going the
opposite way um if I'm getting that
correctly let's have a look at that
please if we can. There we go. Yes. And
some of the names of course listed in uh
Malaysia uh specifically on the back of
I guess the outlook there for the
bofuel. Um and just staying on
commodities basically too.
>> Yeah. So there could be the alternative
right this higher demand for bofuel as
crude climbs. Uh and so aluminum is
probably the next thing to watch here as
well given that some of these Middle
East facilities were targeted and struck
over the weekend here. You did see the
LM contract spike here and that's why
you're seeing Asian aluminum shares are
rising here this morning as well. That's
it for us here in the China show. See
you later.